Well, good evening, family. Thank you
for joining us tonight. We're excited
you're here, and I'm excited to be here. We
have work to do. I've been going
over some things that I could share
with you today and what the Lord has
been talking to me about over the
last several days. I've been taking my
time and not doing as many live streams
because
of what the Holy Spirit has been
instructing me on. So,
let me start off with this:
He said, I want you to go
back to the basics. I want you to go
back to the foundations of
where you came from. Don't forget where
you came from; the books you've read,
the things that have ministered to you,
read them again. Go over them again.
Faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by
the word of God. And people that are
more mature than you, you can learn from
them. People that have been in ministry
longer than you, you can learn from
them.
I don't know everything, of course, and
being a newbie in this,
I learn from people who have walked it
longer than I have as far as ministry
goes. It always goes back to
this book. I know this isn't that
old,
but I don't even know this man,
John Bevere,
but The Awe of God has changed our life.
I'm telling you,
I look forward to my wife
reading me this book. She reads it to me
every day. We go over the chapters and
she highlights and marks it all up.
Then she found out that there are YouTube
videos that talk about each chapter that
John Bevere wrote.
So we listen to it, and
we go over it again, and we talk about it
where we are in ministry. I've
always said the first three chapters,
you know, because I feel like if I
can just get you to read part of it, if
it ministers to Diana and me so much, I
pray that it would minister to you.
I don't recommend stuff very easily. I
don't believe in selling books a lot
unless the Holy Spirit has led
you to,
but this book right here, I'm going
to tell you, it has changed my life.
I cannot wait until
he has a new book on March
3rd.
It's about Jesus's return.
Now,
Diana said he made the comment that
everything that he's preached up until
now has changed or something like that.
I hope, you know,
I don't know what that means, so I'm not
going to add to it or take away from it.
But I want to say this: this book,
sir, I don't know if you watch our
broadcast, but I'm going to tell you,
you got an A+ from me on this one.
Not that that matters, but it does
to me and my wife. Chapter
12, 13, 14 is probably some of the most
important chapters. I told Diana, I
said, I read over them and read over
them. There
are
times whenever I do these live
streams
and the presence of the Lord is so thick
in my house, and there's so much chatter
on the live stream.
He has a quote right here
that I thought was really beautiful.
Here is the bottom line, the truth:
Where the Lord is reverenced, His
presence
manifests.
I've thought about that a lot.
If we reverence Him,
He
manifests.
The fear of the Lord
is the beginning of wisdom, but
the awe of Him, the
reverence—there's
so much that I
could pull out of this, and I could have
Diana read these highlights of all these
underlying things, we'd be here all
night,
but there's so much of this book that I
don't know how else to describe it
to you.
Like I said, I don't sell or push
books. I don't do that. I have
everybody and their brother trying to
give me their book to push on
my channel, but I'm going
to
tell you, he's never talked to me and
I've never talked to him,
but this book
has
blessed me. So,
she read it to me most of the day
going over these chapters just because I
don't want to get off track.
There's so much that the Lord, as I was
ministering,
praying over our
house and praying over things.
Last night He visited me
for 45 minutes. He spoke to me about the
future.
It was the most intimate
conversation I've had with Him in a long
time.
This was when He visited here and talked
about President Trump; it was spectacular,
it
was amazing.
But last night was just a friend
instructing me about the ministry and
about what we're doing.
I fear Him,
not scared; I reverence Him
with this holy awe, the awe of God.
When I tell you what I'm about to
talk about a little bit tonight, asking
about why you haven't come
yet—what
are you waiting on?
With all the things we see in the earth
right now, what is it that you're
waiting on?
Why haven't things
escalated like a lot of you
have
always done? Brandon, He should come
back tomorrow, He should come back
today. Oh, Jesus is coming. I
believe that with all my heart. But what
are we waiting on?
He gave me scripture.
He gave me
James 5:7.
Be patient, therefore, brethren, until
the coming of the Lord.
Behold, the husbandman waiteth
for the precious fruit of the earth,
and hath long patience
for it,
until he receives the early and the
latter rain.
That's in the New Testament.
He said to me, I told you,
you're—this
is amazing.
You're not waiting on me, I'm waiting on
you.
Bring in my harvest,
for the harvest is plentiful and the
laborers
are few.
I'm waiting on my treasure, my
harvest. Brandon, I'm leaving the 99 to
go after the one. How many times? Until
He showed me that verse,
the Lord of the harvest. He came to me
and had holes in His hands. He said, I
died for all of you. Help me bring them
in.
I've given you the farming equipment.
The vast fields of harvest are plentiful,
Brandon.
Do you see the harvest? Help me bring in
the harvest.
I died for every one of them.
He held out His hands. He had
humongous holes. They went right here.
It
wasn't in the middle. It was right here.
A massive hole.
It went clear into His palm right
here. It was a massive hole. It wasn't
in the center of His hand. It was right
in here. I want to tell you that
hole is massive.
It took up the whole
bottom half of His hand. You can see
right through it to see
the wheat bowing down
before Him as He walked by it.
One last call. He said, The sun is
setting on this dispensation of grace.
If anybody remembers that visitation
that I had and I saw the sun setting
and it was lowered down,
and He stood there with His priestly
robe, and He kept His voice turned into a
shofar
and He started saying, One last
call.
He started screaming and it echoed
through the valley, One last call.
He was calling for the sheep,
and there were all these sheep, all
different kinds, and I told you all about
it. Then I saw the Father standing, and I
saw Jesus at
the hoopa, and it was olive leaf, and it
was cut out, and it was the most
beautiful thing. He was
waiting on the bride,
and I asked the Lord then, again, He said,
You're not waiting on me, I'm waiting on
you. Bring in my harvest, and I'll come
and get you.
There's no urgency in the church for the
second coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
There's not enough
anticipation.
A lot of people, we've become so dull
and desensitized to the hearing of
it that it's become just
something we throw around. Jesus is
coming.
But the urgency of the hour
and the expectation of it, we've become
weary and wallowing, a lot of you. Oh, I
have
heard that. Brandon, you say
that all the time,
but I say it because it is real to me.
And I yell it as loud as I can like John
the Baptist, one crying in the
wilderness, telling you,
Jesus is coming. He
is
here,
as the prophets of old cried out
and warned that there was a king coming.
Isaiah, all of them.
How many times have we heard it?
I want to be so
sober
to bring sobriety to you,
to shake you, to waken you, to tell you
again that our King is coming. It
is
not something that
your grandma told you. I am being for
real.
Jesus is coming,
but He is waiting for the fruit.
James 5:7.
If you need to hear it again, I
will
read it to you again. That is what He
is
waiting on. The fruit.
The harvest is plentiful and the
laborers are few. Bring in my harvest.
This is where He was at
as He talked to me last night. There
are
a lot of things He said I
cannot talk about
on your platform. It was just
friend talk. He is my friend and I
respect what He asked me to say.
Therefore, do you have it? Be patient,
brethren, until the coming of the Lord.
See how the farmer waits for the
precious fruit of the earth. It
is
the New King James
Version.
In the King James
Version,
be patient, therefore, brethren, until
the coming of the Lord. Behold, the
husbandman
waiteth
for the precious fruit of the
earth and hath long patience. That means He
is
not in a hurry.
He
has long patience for it until He
receives the early and the latter rain.
He wants a major harvest. Can these
bones live? That
is
what He was talking to me
about, the harvest again.
He said, There are so many
that I cannot trust with the finances to
get it done.
He said, They will receive the money and
do something else with it when I
had an assignment for it.
He said,
Brandon, I
will
entrust you with much if
you do not touch what is mine.
Ministries, there are a lot of them that touch
what is mine, and it is for the harvest.
He said,
I
will
give you yours and bless you,
but keep the main thing the main thing. Do
not
touch what is mine.
He said, There are a lot of
ministers, Brandon, that do not do right
with the money in the ministry,
and I cannot trust them to get it done.
I need buildings for my people for what
is
about to happen. I need land
bought. But they will not do what
I have asked them to
do with
it.
They
will
be held accountable.
As I was sitting there, I
do not
give any glory to the
devil at all. I never talk about
the devil or demons
unless I feel instructed to, and
tonight I do.
I think a lot of things that Hollywood
has, like Star Wars and
other movies,
they get the ideas from what they
have
seen in the demonic
and they project it to you so you become
desensitized.
But as I was sitting there, the Lord
said, I am going to allow you to see
this again.
I had forgotten about this, but
He called them
watchers.
They looked like cats.
They looked like the Black
Panther movie.
They had slight slit eyes, but they
were glowing.
They had a pad
and they were writing down
everything I was saying.
I said, Lord, what are You allowing
me to see that for? What is that? He
said, They do not know what is coming.
They do not know what I am about to do
until I tell My prophetic voices in this
earth.
So they watch to see what is relayed,
what you say.
They do not know His next move because they
are
not intimate with Him. They
the ones that were cast out of heaven.
Remember,
they were watching
and they were writing down everything
they could to true prophetic voices that
they knew were accurate. I
am
just telling you what I
saw and what the Lord said. I do not look
at Brandon Biggs as anything. I want
everything to
deflect to Him.
They were taking note of things that
I was saying privately.
He said, There are certain things
now that I will say to you that I do
not
want spoken out
that you will hold. But because I said
in My word that I do nothing in this
earth unless I reveal it to My prophets
first, I go by what I told and I stand
by what I said I would do.
Does that make sense, son? I do not want
to add to or
take away from anything my Son writes
down.
As I was
in
this moment,
I realized the power and the
authority of the believer and the words
that He gives us, how important it is
that we only say what He tells us to
say.
There have been times in this last
couple of weeks that He has been silent and
I have been like, What
is
wrong? What is going on? He
said to me,
The reason I am silent,
there is a purpose for it. I only tell
you what you need to hear when I need
you to say it. If I am silent,
it
is not that I am angry.
I
go, Are we cool? Are we all right? What
is
going on?
Because we have these conversations, but it
is
not instruction for the
channel and for the people. He
said, If I am quiet, I am quiet on
purpose.
I have nothing to say.
Do you speak for Me?
You do not speak for yourself, do you? I
said, No.
So, if I do not say nothing, that means I
have nothing to say. It
is
not personal.
Grow up.
Go back to what I told you to do in the
first place. Pray.
You do not have to have a new vision. He
said, Brandon, I can give you one thing,
one vision to pray about on that
channel, and you take that assignment
and pray over it for months.
I have given you a lot
of stuff to bring to the people
that they could intercede for, for the
nations, for the harvest.
If they will learn who they are in their
authority
and use their authority over their area,
it would help. It
is
according to the word when it says that
Satan has blinded the eyes of the
unbeliever. He
has
blinded their eyes. But we take
authority as believing believers and use
our authority over the devil. We
have power and authority over him to
break off those chains that bind
all of our unsaved loved ones and the
eyes that are fogged. According to
Ephesians 1, let the eyes of their
understanding be enlightened. How much
Jesus loves them. Paraphrase. How much
God loves them. Let the eyes of their
understanding be enlightened. What are
they being enlightened to? That Jesus
has a plan for their life. Beloved, I
wish above all things that you prosper
and be in health even as your soul
prospers.
Overflow. God is a God of overflow.
Abundance to the full, to the extreme, to
it overflows. He wants you to live a
good life,
healed and whole and delivered by the
power of the Lord Jesus Christ, what He
did for you. As He is, so are we in this
world.
Brandon, just go back to the
fundamentals. Keep praying. If I do
not
give you a new word, go back to
the things you consider
old. They are not old. Nothing is old. It
is
still new. But go back to the
things I have told you and pray over them,
especially
with what
I
have
seen concerning
Iran and the president and what we
are
going to do to pray over President Trump
and his protection and pray over his
family and pray over our nation for
the decisions that will be made with the
Supreme Court concerning the tariffs in
the next couple of weeks.
Whenever they come back, I believe
it was February
20th.
They come back from
their winter recess, so we pray
over that. Praying over this decision
whenever they go into Ramadan.
I believe
Ramadan starts this Wednesday. I
am
praying for the greatest harvest of
souls in the Muslim community we have ever
seen.
God does not want
anyone to perish, but all to come to
repentance. I want to show you what
is
happening right now in New York.
Congress is on
recess until February 23rd, 2026.
I
want to show you the urgency of the hour
and
the major
shaking that is about to awaken this
nation.
The Lord said, I am going to bring a
shaking to awaken. I
have
seen all these major events and
buildings on the 41st floor in Chicago
on the riverfront
and the hotels. Look,
this is New York.
It
does
not
matter to me. They
are
all the trash. That
is
a call to prayer. A Muslim call to
prayer all throughout New York.
They voted for it.
Are they shocked they got what they
voted for?
That should make believers mad.
What are we doing?
You can stop it. I do not want to hear
that anymore.
I
am
trying to tell
you that as it goes in the east and the
major storm I saw brewing on the
east coast, I
am
praying for President Trump to make the
right choices for our nation.
This is the kind of trash they want to
put all throughout our nation.
They
just had a vote on it in the
Bible Belt of Oklahoma. We just
had a vote in
Broken Arrow.
Brother Hagin's Ministries is there. They
just voted on putting a huge mosque
or
synagogue
there in Tulsa. I
do not
know if it
passed,
but my point is that
they are
trying to do it in the
Bible Belt
and
in
Texas.
If we do not
wake up,
church, and start preaching Holy Ghost
and fire in our
pulpits,
telling people that Jesus Christ is
coming, we need to get serious about our
Creator's return.
This is serious
stuff.
The election coming in
November of this year,
in the next nine months,
is
a great opportunity.
I
am
telling you, all it takes
is people going to sleep and not voting.
I look at that
in New York and I
think,
oh, dear
God, that
is
not that far away from here.
People were freaking out, sending us emails
about the virus concerning this sexually
transmitted disease. Now, this is foul.
There
is
an
infection all over their faces.
Do you remember I told you I saw a new
sexually transmitted virus coming that
would be so grotesque that it would
bring welts and pus all over your
body?
Now, is this what I was shown? I saw
that
eventually they would have to
eunuch
them because the infection
would not stop. It would
reoccur and they
would have to
do what they needed to do to fix it.
Eventually, it would end up killing them.
The Lord warned us
it was coming.
The
Lord said this is a result of
messing with the kids
and it will start up
northeast.
I believe this is in Minnesota.
It
is
happening up northeast.
I saw it would go into Toronto
and spread all throughout
New York.
Is this the virus? I do not know. It
is
very nasty.
I
am
in Minnesota.
The
largest known outbreak of a sexually
transmitted
ringworm.
That is disgusting.
Health officials say it
is
transmitted.
I mean, that is foul.
But what I saw coming would make you a
eunuch.
I do
not
know if it goes on
their private parts or not;
it was on his face, but
pretty foul.
Then we have Obama.
Former US President Barack
Obama says aliens are real. I
said
they would start to
really come out and say before the
rapture of the church
that
aliens are real.
I said there
would
be a false flag event
that will shock all the
world.
I saw something over the
Vatican, something over the Mayan
temples,
and it had lightning and
light coming off of it, and it looked
like a massive ship.
These little
space-looking
things came out of the
mothership
and started shooting around
the United States
at
the speed of light.
It looked the size of a car
and it freaked
everybody out.
I saw an interview of a demonic
figure on TV that looked like a
creature off of the movie
Guardians of the Galaxy.
He was talking to the
interviewer.
Great deceptions. Now, that sounds way
out there,
and it was way out there for me to see
it in great detail because I thought
surely this is not real. Lord, I test
the spirits. I
am
human. I can
miss it. I
am
not here to say
I
get everything
right.
I do the best I can. But
what I saw in 2014
is manifesting
on the screen.
Even Elon Musk is saying jokingly, I
am
part alien.
I think it
is
kind of interesting where we are.
Diana was
reading to me some of these
things.
He
was
basically saying
some things about the chat and
about reverence. As we seek Him with
holy fear, He will manifest.
People are really going to start to
persecute you on a greater
level, warning me about
things
He had for me and my family.
He said true persecution, you haven't
seen it until you start getting it from
the secular media.
He said, 'The comment section and the
emails are nothing until CNN, ABC,
and
MSNBC start persecuting you on that
vast world's attention. You got a
bunch of people that
are just like
whatever.'But
when the world starts
to hate you, it's a whole different
story. He's warning me about things. I
think it's interesting. I just push.
But I go, 'Okay, God, whatever you have
for me, I just want to finish
strong,
y'all.'And
whenever I get on the other side of
this, he said, 'Well done, Brandon. You
gave it all you got.
You did the
best you could.'I don't want to get
up there and say, 'Well, I'm
semi-disappointed.'My
biggest
concern is that he said, 'I want you to
teach my people to pray. I want you to
bring them,
teach them how to come into the
throne.'I
had an email from a school
teacher
and he was telling me how this
channel has changed his life and that he
teaches what we teach on the channel.
A student walked up to him and said,
'Thank you for teaching me how to get
close to
God.'He
has 141 students, he
said. And he teaches how to get close to
God through the things he's learned on
this channel on the way to school. He
listens to us talk.
And that blessed me. So
I thought, what if just one of
those kids are the next Billy Graham?
You never know who you're
imparting into and who you're talking
to. You could be talking to your
neighbor and they'd be the next Smith
Wigglesworth,
the next Peter, the next John the
Baptist; who knows? I don't know.
Somebody that's touching the nations for
Jesus.
However,
the person who
fears God has nothing to hide. He or she
is terrified of being away from God.
This is illustrated by the fact that
while the people drew back, Moses
simultaneously drew near to God.
The person who fears God doesn't say
within themselves, 'How close can I get
to the line of sin and not fall
in?'No,
he or she says, 'I want to be so
close to God and so far away from the
line that I cannot even see
it.'He's
talking about being in the
world.
Be ye imitators of God, dear children,
as children imitate their father.
Be an imitator of God.
I love that.
There's a level of holiness that he is
requiring us to come up higher in our
relationship with him
to walk in the greater glory. I don't
want to be where I am in my relationship with the
Lord this time next year. I
don't want to be where I'm at right now.
If I'm at where I'm
at right now and I'm not going from
glory to glory, that's why I sing that
song. From glory to glory, he's changing
me, changing me, changing me. His
likeness and image to perfect in me. The
love of God shown to the world. For he's
changing,
he's changing me from earthly things to
the heavenly.
His likeness and image to perfecting me.
The love of God shown to the world from
glory to glory. He's changing me,
changing me, changing me. His likeness
in image to perfect in me, the love of
God shown to the world.
I love some of these little quotes he
has in there. I wish I read better.
Diana reads to me, and I try
to find the things that I have to read
over and over before I can give it to
you so you'll understand what
I'm saying.
Some of the things that I told her, I
said, 'Baby,
it's so easy to get off
track.'The
bigger the things happen in
ministry... I used to criticize people
all the time,
big ministers, you watch them and you
go, 'Boy, look at them where they
are with God.'And they lose that fear.
The pressure of people and the pressure
of performance will suck you dry.
And then I realize
how I got here in the first place and I
go back to the first fruit and I repent.
Oh God, help me to
always stay on track.
Help me to be close to you.
All these people and all these different
ministries and all their
opinions, they could take it to hell
where they came from.
That's
what I tell Diana. I don't care.
I want so much just to please him.
And I sit at his feet
and I go, 'Oh, when you get back in that
vein,
it only takes a couple
weeks.'Pressure
and
you'll get off on the
wrong road.
And he's quiet even in the intimacy
where you go, 'What's going
on?'But
the moment you start to check that
inside of yourself, you start going,
'What's
happening?
I don't want to be what I see so much
of, what I have been allowed to see so
much of because of the
platform.'I'm
not judging these men and women.
It may come across that way,
but I see that they've lost their
intimacy.
A lot of them have lost their way and
they still feel like they're close and
they're on the vine,
but
they lost their way a long time ago
and the platform sustains them for right
now. And it's like the Lord showed me.
He said, 'You can cut yourself
off of there, Brandon, but a
branch does not die
instantaneously. It takes a little bit.
It dries up a little bit at a time.
There's life in it for a little
bit.'And
that's where a lot of believers are.
They've been pruned back and they don't
even realize it.
They lost the fear of God. They lost the
awe of God.
And that's why he always takes me back
to books like this, The Ultimate Voice
by Oral Roberts.
We read it over and over and over. And I
said, 'Well, I know, D. We heard
it.'But
she goes, 'I love it. There's
something about it.
It's just
precious to us.'So, I just bring these
little things to you if I could help
anybody with their walk with the
Lord to get closer to him. Even if you
feel like you've gotten off track, he's
an ever-present help in a time of need.
He's not left you. You've left him.
He's always there to help you.
But we've got to get back
to the intimacy with the Father.
And it's so easy.
It's like Diana said, 'Don't you see?
The very people,'and I don't say this
for you to say, 'Bren, don't focus on
the people who criticize.'I'm trying to
give an example to you. You want to know
my life?
The very people that criticize try to
get you to be like them,
but they're watching and they don't
realize that when they criticize
how you sing the songs wrong, you see,
it's intimacy like a child.
And they want you to be like them, but
they're dead.
They haven't heard him in years. You
hear him every day, hun.
But how is it that they try to come and
correct you in the emails
when they have no intimacy
with the Father at all?
I have
been so open,
so transparent as much as I can be with
the
public to teach you the basics of how to
get there.
Maybe I'm a good teacher about it, maybe
I'm not.
But I've tried
to teach you how to get there with songs
and finding the word to stand on, to
teach you how to just say these
scriptures, to pray in the spirit,
that it's just being so... When you get
real with God, God will get real with
you.
He'll become real with you.
Does that make sense?
So, I said enough, but I've
just been quiet because he's
been quiet and I've been listening to
him, but it wasn't anything that he said
he wanted shared on this platform.
The things that he's had me say, he
said, 'I want you to be very
slow
concerning these things. I don't want it
out there yet. There's things that I
don't know if he'll ever allow me to say
concerning where we're going and what's
about to take
place.'So,
I don't know.
I just wait. That's what he said.
Are you in charge or am I?
I said, Well, you definitely are.
You know,
and so that is why I think a lot of
people go, Where did he go?
I do not use him, he uses me. I
understand it more now than ever.
It sounds like something really good
sometimes when Kathryn Kuhlman would
say it and Diana goes, You know, it
sounds so,
it
is
so appeasing to the Christian
area. Oh, yeah. I do not use him, he uses
me.
No, no, no, no, no. I get it more and
more every single day. When it is not
there, it is not there.
That cloak is what I
am
talking about.
He uses me.
I cannot turn this on without him.
I feel it so strong tonight. It is weighing
a fire on my ears. It
is
like he holds a
matchstick
on my ears.
I can feel my right ear burn to the
point where it feels like somebody
is
taking a lighter sometimes and it
burning it. But it
is
when the glory comes on me, it does
not
hurt. I just know when it is there,
it comes on me.
And I have told even my mom and dad,
I told everybody I said, My
ears are hot like fire. They will burn and he
will
talk.
It just fills my whole head and I see
and over. And there are levels of it. There
are
levels of the glory. There
levels of hearing.
When he comes on me like that, I start
to cry a lot when I
am
just in the house. You say, Are you
a basket case? No. His presence is so
purified. It makes me weep.
But there is an inner court, there is an
outer court, and
there is
a
Holy of Holies. And I can assure you there
is
a difference.
Christ in me, the hope of glory.
Father, what is communion?
Father, we just thank you, Father, for
this time. Lord, I thank you for every
single person who is represented here
tonight.
We bless them, Father.
Christ in me, the hope of glory,
going from glory to glory.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for your body
that was broken for us.
Now, when you take this tonight, picture
yourself inside healed.
Be a believing believer that believes they
are
healed by the stripes of Jesus. Do
not
just take this and be like, Oh, it
is
just a wafer.
He became sickness for us.
By his stripes, we are healed.
And this is what it represents.
His body took it all on
the cross for us. Everything. Galatians,
Christ has redeemed me from the
curse of the law.
And I believe it.
And I thank you, Father, that from
the top of my head to the soles of my
feet, the glory renews me, healed and
whole and well in Jesus name.
I thank you, Father, that just like you
did Moses,
you do me, Father,
that the glory of the Lord kept him.
120 years, his eyes did not grow
dim.
I thank you, Father,
that our bodies are healed and whole and
well. Our metabolisms are good. Our
minds are renewed by the word. And we
are
so grateful for all that you have done and
all that you are going to do in these
last days.
And we wake up, Lord, because we know
and we are looking up, for our
redemption draws nigh.
I thank you, Father, for the body that
was broken for us in Jesus name. Amen.
He was bruised for our iniquities.
He was wounded for our transgression. He
was bruised for our iniquities. The
chastisement of our peace was upon him.
And with his stripes, we are healed.
We are healed.
We
are
healed.
Father, you are so good. You
are
so good, Lord. And we thank
you for the blood.
We make much of the blood, Lord, and the
blood makes much of us. We
are
so thankful, Father, that
we can confess our sins before you. And
you are faithful and just to forgive us
of our sins and cleanse us from all
unrighteousness.
And Lord, we give you all the glory and
honor and praise for all that you
have
done and all that you continue to do in
my life.
Lord, I plead the blood of Jesus over us
tonight, uninterrupted and unhindered by
any satanic or demonic force.
We plead the blood over the top of our
head to the soles of our feet. No weapon
formed against us is going to prosper.
And every tongue that rises against us,
we condemn it in the name of Jesus. It
will not bear fruit.
Evil spells cast, they try to say all
kinds of things against you. We
are
not going to allow it by the
blood. We hold it and it falls to the
ground. Do you understand? We have
authority
and we take the blood of Jesus right now
in the name of Jesus. We thank you Lord.
It never loses its power.
He reminded me of this
when he talked to me right then
and he said this to me. He said,
Brandon, I want you to do what I told
you to do. I said, Yeah.
He said, I want you to take a couple
minutes tonight, every one of you. Every
one of you, we are going to pray, but
this is what I want you to do. He said,
I want you to enter in this way
tonight, not by singing,
but by thanking me for all that I have
provided for you and done for you over
this last couple of years.
If you have anything to be grateful for,
if you have anything to be thankful for
today,
he wants to hear it.
He wants to hear it not just by your mouth,
but out of your heart.
What are you giving God praise for
today?
What have you given him time of
thanksgiving for today? He said, Many
of my children go through the whole day
and never give me thanks for anything.
And they do not realize how much I
have
already done for them. They ask so
much of me, but they do not give me
praise for what I have already done.
They may
have thanked me for the moment,
but they have long forgotten it.
And I stopped and he said, Do
you remember sitting on your couch
in that rat shack house
and you used to just thank me for the
walls of that house that had holes in
the floor and the snake would come up?
Do you remember when I
provided food for you and you did
not
have money?
Do you remember whenever you were
looking for a tire because the steel
was showing on yours going down the
highway and you were concerned about
your wife having a blowout on the way to
work and I provided a tire for $25.
You say, Well, that is not a very... No, it
was a good tire.
God provided
25 bucks.
Do you remember it?
Yeah.
Just because it is years ago does
not
mean it is not worth giving praise for
him now. So I want you to give God
praise
for every single thing he has done,
for he is worthy of it.
So, I am going to just thank him for what
I have and what God has given me and
how he has given me health and he has given
me wisdom and you just
thank him where you are at right now.
Take it away. Father, we just thank you
for our bills are paid. You have given us
food to eat. You have given us air to
breathe. Father, I thank you, Lord, for
all that you have provided. For a
marriage, Father, that is godly. A
wife that prays, children that seek
you and they are hungry after you.
Father, we give you praise, Father, for
a church to go to, that we
are not persecuted in America, Father. We
are
so grateful, Father, that we
have freedom of religion and we can
worship you freely in our churches,
Father, and give you praise and glory,
Father. We are so thankful, Father, that
we have a president that at least prays
and asks for prayer. Thank you, Lord,
for this nation. Thank you, Lord, for
all that you have done for us. Thank you,
Lord, that our car
payments are paid, our electric
paid, our waters paid for a job that
pays me money. Thank you, Lord, that you
have
provided all of our needs
according to your riches and glory by
Christ Jesus. Lord, thank you, Lord, for
your protection and your hedge of
protection as we drive down the highway.
We do not even know that there was danger
there, God. And you protected us all the
way home. Father, I just want to tell
you, thank you for the clothes that are
on our back and the shoes that are on
our feet. Thank you, Lord, that Father,
we had something good to drink and
fresh, clean water tonight to drink.
That we didn't have to have bad water
out of a ditch. Father, you're so good
to us, Lord. You've provided for us,
Father. I thank you,
Lord, that if you may not even be able
to move your legs, but if you can move
your toes, give God praise for it
tonight. Oh God, I might not be able to
move my legs, but I can move my eyes.
I'm so grateful, Father, that I can move
my eyes. Give him praise and glory for
something is what I'm trying to tell
you.
For he inhabits the praises of his
people.
Father, I'm so grateful for the
bed that I sleep in and the roof over my
head. Father, it may not always be
what my heart wanted at the time,
but God, you provided it. I'll not
complain out of my mouth.
Do you understand? It may not be what I
wanted to eat, but God, you provided
something for me, and I'll not complain.
The fear of the Lord doesn't complain.
You reverence him.
Complaining is a sign of rebellion.
Oh God, I thank you that you are so good
to me that you provided all that I have
tonight. God, no matter what I see and
what I don't see, Father, I thank
you for all of it. I don't want to miss
anything, God. You've been so good to
us.
Thank you, Father, for the people that
would show up and watch us on this
broadcast tonight. Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, that
we have a place to pray and give you
praise and glory on this platform.
For, Father, you said if we don't
praise you, the rocks would cry out. And
I'm not going to let a rock do
my job.
I thank you, Father, for the birds of
the air and the fish of the sea.
I thank you, Father, for the dog that
you provided.
Lord, I thank you for even the
neighbor's cat that gets on my nerves.
Father, we're thankful. Thankful for all
of it, God. Thank you, Lord, that I have
a neighbor.
Thank you, Father, for that car. Well,
you say it's not a very good car. Oh, but
God, I thank you for the one that's on
the way.
Thank you for the house that's on the
way, Father. It may not be the house
of your heart's desire
now, but you've got a house for
me. You have to give God praise for
wherever you're at.
Oh Lord, thank you, Lord. The
doctor said that I had this thing,
but
God, I thank you, Lord,
that the thing was right.
I praise you, God. I worship you,
Father.
Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord, for
your healings. Thank you, Lord, for
deliverance. Father, I
remember when the doctor gave me that
bad report, but God, you turned it
around for my good.
All things work together for
the good for those that love the Lord.
All things.
I believe, Father,
that
the
doctor may have given you a
report,
but oh God, I know that you're a healer,
and I give you praise for it.
Father, we give you praise, Father. We
give you honor. We give you glory.
Thank you, Father, for the prayers that
are being answered right now. Thank you,
Lord, that we have our unsaved loved
ones that are being born again. Oh, God.
We give you praise, Father, that you are
delivering our family from
addictions right now. God, we give you
praise for it. We give you praise that
those that are bound by drug
addictions are being freed tonight. We
give you praise, Father, that you said
in your word that you inhabit the
praises of your people.
We give you praise that you would even
look our direction.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord, that what is man that
you are mindful of him.
Thank you, Lord, that you look our
direction. For you said, the eyes of the
Lord are running to and fro throughout
the whole earth, looking for a heart
who's perfect toward you. Thank you,
Lord, that my heart be one that you
can look at tonight and say, Hey, he's
got a little bit of something.
Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord, for
your
goodness.
Thank you, Lord, for your goodness and your
mercy endures forever.
Thank you, Lord, that our churches are
paid off. Thank you, Lord, that
the ground that we worship
on is paid off. That we owe no man
anything but to love him.
Thank you, Father, that the ministries
have the best equipment to get the job
done. Thank you, Lord, that you've taken
care of us the way you have. You've been
so good to us, Father.
Thank you, Lord, for the anointing to
get the job done. That we yield to the
anointing of the prophetic. We yield to
it, Father, that you would allow it to
come on us.
Thank you, Father,
that we have this treasure in
earthen
vessels, that the excellency of the
power is known of you and not of us.
That we attract to deflective because
we're going vertical.
Like my friend Billy says, going
vertical, Brandon, go vertical.
Stay vertical.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the
opportunity to stay vertical today.
Thank you, Lord, that you're healing the
people tonight. That there'll be none
sick among us.
I thank you, Father, that that's the
kind of God we serve. That there is a
great revival, one last push, one last
big major harvest, one major
healing, demonstrations, and
manifestations of the glory. There is
about to be something. I saw it. We're
standing at the door of it. Thank you,
Lord.
We thank you, Father,
that you'll touch this nation one last
time. You'll touch America. You'll touch
Europe. You'll touch South Africa.
You'll touch Africa. You'll touch
South America. You'll touch the Middle
East. You'll touch Asia. You'll touch
North Korea. You'll touch South Korea.
You'll touch Japan. You'll touch these
nations, Canada, Mexico,
Australia.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that revival
starts with me.
For as for me in my house, we'll serve
you. We're thankful, Father, that you
would look our direction.
We thank you, Lord, for your blood. We
thank you, Lord, that you washed us free
from all our sins.
We thank you, Lord, that we're born
again. Thank you, Lord, that
we're not going to hell and we're going
to heaven with you.
You've provided a mansion
for me.
We're so grateful.
We're so grateful that Jesus is coming
soon.
We're so grateful that you're standing
at the door and helping us
bring in the harvest. We're going to
help you
bring in the harvest that you said.
You look at me and you say,
You've got what it takes to bring
them in.
He didn't
create a loser. We're winners.
We're the closers. He saved the best for
last.
We're so grateful, Father.
We're so grateful.
Oh, how he loves you and me.
Oh, Father, we thank you, Lord.
Oh, God, we thank you.
Thank you, Father.
We praise you, Father,
for you are high and lifted up.
Holy, holy, holy is the Lord of hosts,
who was and is and is to come.
Holy, holy, holy is the Lord of hosts
Holy, holy, holy
is the Lord.
Holy, holy, holy is the Lord.
For the Lord he is good and his mercy
endures forever.
We give you all the praise for it, Lord.
We give you all the glory, Father.
You deserve all the glory, Father.
Great is thy faithfulness.
Morning by morning, new mercies I see.
All I have needed,
thy hands have provided.
Great is thy faithfulness.
Great is thy faithfulness,
Lord,
unto me.
Great is thy faithfulness.
Great is thy faithfulness. Morning
by morning,
new mercies
I see.
All
I have needed,
thy hands have provided.
Great is thy faithfulness.
Great is your faithfulness.
Great is your faithfulness
concerning everything we need tonight.
All that I have needed, Lord,
your hands have provided.
Great is your faithfulness, Lord.
Great is your faithfulness.
Thank you, Father.
We praise you, Lord.
It's all about Jesus.
Turn our eyes
upon Jesus.
Look full
in his wonderful face
and the things of earth
will grow strangely dim.
Look full in his face.
I love that, and the things of this
earth will grow strangely dim
in the light of his glory and grace. Oh
Father, I thank you, Lord,
that we turn
our eyes upon Jesus.
Look full
in his wonderful face.
We're so grateful.
Thank you, Lord, that you're hiding us
in the cleft of the rock that
the remnant. You said, "Upon this rock,
I will build my church, and the gates of
hell will not prevail against
it."I
believe the gates of hell will not
prevail against us tonight.
The enemy tries to be that roaring
lion seeking whom he may devour, but
he cannot devour us. The believing
believers.
Oh Father, we love you.
Oh Father, we praise you.
Only
believe.
All things are possible
when you only
believe.
We're so grateful.
Healing over their bodies right now. We
believe, Father, there's healing over
their bodies right now from the top of
their head to the soles of their feet
tonight. I agree with them.
And Father, as we give you praise and
you inhabit the praises of your people,
I thank you, Father,
that
wherever they are in
their bodies, if they need a healing in
their body tonight, I thank you, Father,
that by your stripes, Lord, they are
healed from the top of their head to the
soles of their feet. We thank you, Lord,
that you're touching them right now.
Diabetes being healed right now.
Cataracts of the eyes being healed right
now.
Deliverance
of addictions being
delivered right now. Don't be alarmed.
Go now in
Jesus'name.
You say, "What is going on with
me?"You're
getting free right now.
Be free in Jesus'name. From the top of
your head to the soles of your feet, be
free.
Come out of that stomach right now in
Jesus'name.
That demonic attachment that you had in
there, I command you to come out.
Let her go
in
Jesus'name.
Let him go.
Be free.
A bound that is being broken
off your mind right now.
I see
you had this cloudiness, this
depression, and this fog over your mind,
and the Lord is setting you free and
that is breaking off of your mind
right now in the name of Jesus.
It's been like a heaviness and the
doctor tried to say, "Oh, it's
seasonal depression
disorders."No,
what I'm seeing is a demonic spirit
that is influencing you, and it's
because of the things you're reading.
You've been reading bad books, Stephen
King, and things that are dark.
I'm seeing these dark books, these dark
images by the spirit of God right now.
The Lord has said it's because of the
trash you're meditating on that you've
allowed this spirit to attach itself
onto your mind.
These are transferred through
not renewing your mind to
the word of God. You're reading
these bad books, Harry Potter
books, these things that are dark,
and you keep putting that through your
eyes, and it has attached itself like a
sucker fish on your head.
And
there's no
medication that's going to set you free
because of what I see. This is a demonic
spirit. Now you submit
yourself unto God and resist the devil
and he will flee, but you've
got to stop reading trash.
No matter how much you say, "God, I want
to be free,"if you're feeding on the
wrong thing,
if you're letting the trash in,
trash out, garbage in, garbage out, feed
on the word of God. Give your time to
the Bible.
Find scripture.
Find something that you understand.
I don't understand the King James.
There's no
excuse. Find all kinds
of different versions of the
Bible. It could be Amplified or
whatever. Read it.
The entrance of his word bringeth forth
light,
and when you get the light in your eyes,
it's going to set you free. It's the
truth that you know will set you free
and make you free.
The entrance of his word brings forth
light.
Come off of them in
Jesus'name.
Be free.
Don't go back like a dog to its vomit.
Don't go back to watching those things
on the movies.
You say, "Well, it gives me
thrillers,"and
all these horror films you're feeding
on, you're opening a door for the devil
to oppress you. And some of
it's a possession.
Don't touch the devil's playyard.
Run. Flee from evil.
Do not touch it.
And even abstain from the appearance
of evil.
He's talking about what he said
to me,
he said
you raise the bar
of your moral compass.
Raise the bar. Well, this is the bar.
It's too low.
What you allow in your home, what you
allow in your inner circle of friends,
your moral compass. Does that make
sense? You're
not raising the bar. The bar has gotten
so low,
what you're allowing in, how you're
allowing yourself to dress, how you
present yourself as a child of God. You
need to raise the bar.
Be ye separate from the world.
Stop being like them. You
have
to be the
trendsetter.
Come up higher.
Show Jesus.
If he
were there, would you act like that? If he were there, would you dress like that? If he were there, would you say that? If he were there, would you go to
the bad thing?
You know, a lot of the Christian
WWJD, what would Jesus do? No, really,
raise the bar. I hear him say it. It's
time to raise the bar.
And who you're allowing your young
people to hang out with.
You don't realize they're
doing really bad stuff when you're not
around.
I see it right now as I talk. It's a
cheerleader girl and this boy and he's
driving a truck.
And the Lord said, "You don't know where
your daughter's going.
I
don't
care."You
say, "Oh, he's a good boy.
Long-haired.
He's a good boy."His hat on. He's not a
good boy.
He's a teenage boy. That's all I
need to say.
We've
got to let them have fun.
There's something so much more that he
has in store if you just yield to him.
I need you to pray with me.
Please attach your faith with me.
I see a nuclear device just went off.
It's a plant.
It's some kind of factory.
I see barrels.
I see containers.
It
looks like white
thousands
of gallons of oil
at a facility. No, it is a gas
plant.
A gas plant facility.
Much security.
We pray over the workers that are there.
I want to say this is Louisiana.
Father, it is Louisiana.
We're not focused on that.
Father, every plot, every plan
of the
wicked. Every uncovering of every
event.
We monster.
Men
over the events.
I see what he's doing and I see
what he's saying, but he
is
wanting me to be
discreet on how I say some of this
stuff.
Pray. I
have
said enough already, Lord.
Some things are by accident.
Some things are by design,
like they're doing it on purpose,
but this is like an accident.
I see these men with hats on,
construction hats, those hard hats. I
see hard hats, white hard hats.
I see a white hard hat.
Father, we thank you,
Lord, that this plant does not go up.
This is like several different
things. I'm not understanding
what I'm seeing here so far, but I'm
praying into it.
It will be on the news everywhere. I see
it
on the news. It's on live feed.
They're
watching this thing. And when this
happens,
I see it on local channels
everywhere. It's on Fox, it's on
all of them. Everybody is going to talk
about this. When it happens,
it is
a major event.
I see, because I'm looking at the news
stations. I can see
the TV, but it's about the
workers.
It's about the hand of the
Lord. Some of them are believers.
The Lord said, these groups of men
are
in danger. I see these men
in danger with a hard hat. They're
workers that work there. When this
thing goes off, it will vaporize
them.
I
count them in.
One, two, three,
four, five, six,
seven.
These are very prominent in
front, but these others back here are
farther away. These are the ones that
are more dominant in harm's way. They're
further out here. There's more people
working there, but these are the ones
that are forefront. I see these men,
and
the more
in-depth
they are and the real they are, the more
in danger they are. Those men out
there,
I see bunches of them. There's probably
20 or 30. Then
over here it is closer. These men are
the ones that would be vaporized.
They're over here still in danger, but
this is
like right on top of it.
The levels of this vision
are
very prominent and
in levels.
If it was your family, you would care.
And it's on the Father's heart,
so we take our time with it. If you
don't want to watch it, don't watch it.
I hear you. It's offensive to the Holy
Spirit. Shut up.
Oh Father, we praise you today.
We pray for him, Father. We thank you,
Lord.
Now Lord, say we're going to
Macron.
He's before me now. We're
going to pray over him for a little bit.
I see,
I seek. I see Macron. They're talking. I
see Zelensky
talking
to
Macron.
It's the
law.
We're in the law.
Now I'm going to say this.
I see it.
Oh Father.
Oh
Jesus.
There's just something
about
your name,
Master
Savior
Jesus.
Like a fragrance
after the rain.
Let all heaven
and earth
proclaim.
Kings
and kingdoms
will all
pass away.
But there's something
about
your name.
I get lost in it. I know I have work to
do, but I behold his face.
Oh Father,
let the presence that
fills my house right now fill theirs.
Touch them, Father.
Touch them
like you bless me.
I see Candace Owens again.
Let's just pray for her right now.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, Lord.
Alex is before me now. It went from her to
Alex Jones. We are going to pray for
him for a minute.
There's a reason why the Lord said he
wants
me to pray for these people.
There's a reason why. I see Glenn
Beck's face before me. There's a storm
coming.
I see a storm.
For some reason, Tucker is on the outside
of it,
and I don't understand that. But I see
Glenn, he's kind of on the outside
of it.
I'm
praying for Alex, for Ben
Johnson,
for
Benny,
to remain true to
what they are called to do.
Pressure,
greater pressure coming on them.
One is
concerning Macron. I
tell you what I'm saying
directly,
but
this is very serious.
I just straightened my legs out. My
foot is falling asleep. Sorry.
Every
plot,
every plan,
every pursuit be uncovered in the name
of Jesus.
What's off that cliff?
Give Alex strength to finish
what he's supposed to do. No compromise.
No compromise that he finishes his
assignment.
He
is
to
finish his race and
finish
strong. Every plot, every plan be foiled
in Jesus'name. Every plot, every plan be
foiled. He'll finish strong. The
Lord's
hand is with him and there is going to come
a greater revelation of the Lord in
the days ahead, of intimacy,
a shaking. He's drawing him.
The
Bible said no man comes to the Father
unless he draws him. He's drawing them,
not just at
a surface level, a deep intimacy
level. Alex
Jones, a deep intimacy level. He's
cultivating it and
it's going to get deeper and the relationship
is
going to grow greater and
the fire of God's going to come on
stronger and he'll be a greater voice
piece than he's ever been before.
Clearing and cleaning some things up,
like we all need,
but sheltering him
in a greater assignment in the days
ahead concerning alternative media.
The enemy has tried to silence
him.
He's been off on some things, but the
enemy has tried to silence, silence, and
silence. And he's been through refining,
some of it is self-inflicted,
just out of ignorance, not being led by
the spirit. For those that are led by the spirit
of God are the sons of God. It
is
going to come up higher in a different
level. For those that are led by the
spirit of God are the sons
of God, and we're going to see more
of a voice piece in these last days of
people that are led by the spirit of God,
for they'll be the sons of God, you're
going to see it.
They'll have road to Damascus
experiences.
A road to Damascus, a shaking in these
areas, a shaking in their hearts, a
shaking in their finances, a shaking in
their love lives, in their
families and their marriages, a
shaking
to awaken.
Oh, I feel fire.
So he said, "Would you align with
everything he said?"No, not now.
Do you understand God can use
whoever he wants to use and he can turn
them around and put them in a place and
speaking for him just like that.
Watch what God can do. You limit
him. You think, well, you know, he ain't
all good and all this. Watch what God
can do.
Don't limit our father and who you think
he can use and who he can't.
Watch
when he uses Mel Gibson in the days
ahead with this new movie. Pray for
them.
Don't be critical.
Pray for them.
Pray for people's safety. The enemy will
try to desire to take people out ahead
of time.
Pray for him. He said, "Pray for
that's what he said."First Corinthians
5:5 is coming to
full
manifestation. You are going to see
First Corinthians 5:5 in a greater
measure in the church.
He's going to shake the churches. I told
you shaking is coming to church in
California.
Shaking,
cleaning of the house.
You already see the first fruits of it.
And he's shaking. The Lord says,
"Do you think people are all
wrong?"No.
But he's cleaning some things up because
he wants the glory to flow through
there.
Do you understand? God is not up there
cracking his look being mad at people.
He wants us
to clean
it up that the glory flow through.
It'll be that way of TV stations. It'll
be that way in mega churches. It's going to
be that way with the small churches. He
said, "I'm cleaning up."Why? We're out
of time.
1 Corinthians 5:5. He said, "Brandon,
I'm going to visit my church, but first
judgment begins in the house of the Lord
first. I'm cleaning up my church right
now."And
you're going to see a greater
escalation of it in the days ahead. And
he said, "I'm cleaning it up and then
we're going to have a major
outpouring like you've never seen. But right
now, it's the finishing
touches."Watch
in these days ahead. Cleaning, cleaning,
cleaning, cleaning. And it's
purified by fire,
like the potter's wheel.
If we go from glory to glory to glory to
glory, it's the potter's
wheel.
And that's what he's talking about all
the time to me. That's what he's
talking about to me the other night. He
said, "I'm doing these things.
Watch what I do in these days
ahead."Oh
father, we love you.
Don't fall for what you're about to see.
Great deception. You're
about to see
great distractions. You're about to see.
You hear this? I'm hearing it very
clear.
Great distractions
to pull you away from me.
I see layers of it. They're like
cellular
tubes.
There's distractions coming.
You know, do you remember during 9/11
whenever everybody was so focused on the
TV,
you couldn't get people off
television for days? You sit there for
hours just watching the
rubble
because we were worried about who was
underneath it,
wondering if there's just one alive.
And
then what is it like Oklahoma
City
1995?
I remember
April the 19th.
One hand
reaches out
and pulls a lot from the fire.
The weight of the things the Lord has
showed me over the last couple of days
has been very heavy.
I pray with all my heart
that you find intimacy with the father,
that you find him while there's still
time
that you get intimacy with him and that
it's not surface. You know,
it's like I always say all the time, you
may know a lot about God but does he
know you? You
may be here tonight and you're thinking,
man, this guy's way out
or whatever. I don't care what
you think, but I'm trying to help you.
There's so much here tonight that
I've prayed. I've
tiptoed
around the edges.
But I have to ask you, if you were to
die tonight, where would you spend
eternity?
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to
shun.
And if you're here tonight and
you've never asked Jesus Christ to be
your Lord and personal savior.
The very shoes you put on today or
tomorrow or wherever you are all around
this world, there's people, life is
happening.
But no one is promised tomorrow. No one
is promised tonight.
This could be your last opportunity.
You're here watching this live and this
could be your last opportunity to ask
Jesus Christ to be your Lord and
personal Savior.
If you're here tonight
and you're not sure where you
would spend eternity,
if I was to die, Brandon,
I don't know where I would spend
eternity. I don't know if I'd go to
heaven or hell. I don't even know
anything really about it. But I want
to know
if you feel that tugging on your heart
right now. That's Jesus and he's
knocking on your heart.
You may feel that's kind of like
butterflies. You kind of feel nervous.
It's like the first day of school
when
you're first going back to
school or something. You feel that
nervous feeling and
you
feel the drawing.
That's the Holy Spirit and he's tugging
at you right now.
You feel something on the inside of you.
I've got to make a choice tonight.
Or you may be a believer that's
backsliding.
You may be somebody that was on fire for
God at one point in time, that's all
you talked about was your
salvation, your faith. You told
everybody you knew about it. But now
you're ashamed. You hide back. You've
been hanging out with the wrong people.
You've been going to the bad places.
You've
become lukewarm. You've become cold
and you're like, Brandon, I'm so tired
of living this way. I don't want to live
this way anymore.
I want to come back to the father
tonight. You could be
a person who's not going to
hell by no means, but you're just not
where you should be.
That fire is not
there. You don't feel it and you just
would like some prayer tonight.
I've gotten a little bit off track, but
tonight I want to sell out to Jesus
again.
I want to give him my all. I want to
tell him I'm all in.
I want to make sure that my
relationship's okay with him.
You're here maybe just you think it was
just by accident, but I don't believe it
was by accident. I believe you're here
tonight because you feel the urgency of
the hour. You can look around you and
you know the signs of the times are all
around you. Things are happening right
and left every single day. There's
something major happening
and you feel that urgency of the hour
and tonight you want to just sell out.
You want to be all
in.
You want a fresh, clean start.
Or you're here tonight and you've never
had any kind of relationship with the
Lord.
But either way, I want to pray for you.
But I want you to become really bold
right now and put in the comments
section right now, "I want to be saved.
I'm coming home. I want a fresh, clean
start. Will you just pray for
me?"And
we'll pray for you right now.
I always want to give you an opportunity
to accept Jesus Christ. This might be
your last opportunity.
So if this is speaking to you, I want
you to be bold right now and just say,
"Brandon, will you please pray for me? I
want to come home
tonight."Jesus
died for you publicly. He wasn't
ashamed to die for you. Now, I want you
to be bold about your decision.
So, I'm going to just give you a
couple of seconds there. No
pressure. Nobody's forcing you to do
anything. He is a gentleman. He knocks
on your heart as a gentleman. He knocks
at your door as a gentleman. He doesn't
force his way in. He's waiting for you
to yield yourself over and say, "Here, I
need you.
I can't do this on my own.
Turn my mess into a message
today."Now,
if you're here tonight and that was
you, I'm going to say a simple prayer
and I want you to repeat it after me.
Say, Jesus, I believe you're the son of
God. I believe you died for me and you
rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a savior.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I ask you to wash me, make me new.
Jesus, as of today, I turn my back on
the world. I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on the sin that I was
doing. And from this day forward, Lord,
I serve you with all my heart.
Jesus, I dedicate my life. I'm all in. I
ask you to write my name in the Lamb's
Book of Life.
Thank you, Lord, that you've forgiven me
of my sins.
Lord, you said in your word that if I
confess my sins, you are faithful and
just to forgive me of my sins and
cleanse me of all unrighteousness. Now,
Father, I confess them. I ask
you to forgive me.
Thank you, Lord, that from this day
forward,
I belong to you and I'll come to you in
heaven
and I'll be with you in paradise
forever.
Thank you, Father,
in Jesus name. Amen and amen. Well, if
you just said that prayer, welcome to
the family. If you are
brand new to this channel, welcome to
our channel. We're so excited
that you're here. What do you do now?
Most people, they don't know what to do
even after they say the sinner's
prayer. You don't want to go back to
what you were doing. So, you need to get
plugged into a good
Bible-believing
church. I would say a non-denominational
church. That's where we would get
plugged into. If you know that's
local wherever you have or I don't
know where you live or whatever, but I
would go to a non-denominational church,
get plugged in, tell the pastor there I
got born again on a YouTube broadcast
and I want to be water baptized. Get
water baptized, plug in there, get excited
about your new life with Christ, learn
the Bible studies whatever they have
there, go to Wednesday night, Sunday night
whatever they have, go to prayer, go get
plugged in so you know the decision
you've made and it's the greatest
decision you could ever make. Then
I'd say get baptized in the Holy Ghost.
You find the book "Why Tongues?". It's we
usually put it in the description. Get
by Kenneth Hagin. Get baptized in the
Holy Ghost. Speak in tongues just like
you saw me doing earlier. Pray in
tongues.
I pray in tongues all the
time. Pray in tongues. Get stirred up.
Get baptized in the Holy Ghost. And I'm
telling you, the best is yet to come.
We're about to see the greatest harvest
of souls this world has ever seen
before. And you just came in right at
the beginning of it. And so, we're
excited you're here. Welcome to the
family. I don't know how many people
gave their heart to Jesus Christ and
I hope some, but if not, then praise
God. I believe there'll be people
watching it later.
Braden usually tells me my number. 51
people gave their heart to Jesus Christ
so far tonight off of this video. We're
excited you're here. All 51 of you. I
know it's kind of different for some
of you, but I know you're not here
by accident. So,
praise the Lord. I'm not quite finished
yet. So, I just felt in my heart to give
an altar call and pray for you all
before you start clicking out. All 51 of
you, welcome to the family. We love you
and we pray for you. Click the like,
click the subscribe, and stick around.
Come back and pray with us. I try to
do more prayer videos. I've been
seeking him on
where we are right now
and going back to
books like the awe of God.
This is Diana and I's go-to. We love
this book by John Bevere.
And
I don't even know this man. I've
never met him. Well, I've seen him at
our church we used to go to. So I
can't say that I hadn't seen him and
I said hi to him. I was a
janitor at the time. So it's not like
people remember you
as a janitor, but he was a
guest speaker at one of our old churches
that I used to work at and I used
to sit there and listen to him preach.
So you know pretty cool where it
is right now, that man has
really blessed us; this book has really
blessed us. He has, like I said, I'm
excited about his new book. I'm going
to get this new book on March 3rd and
Diana has it pre-ordered on Amazon and
so whenever it comes, we're going to
read it. We'll tell you about it
as soon as we get it and
I'm always honest if it's good or if
it's not. So if people don't want to
hear the truth, don't give it to me
because I'll tell you if your book's
terrible. And you say, Well, who are
you to say? Well, I'm pretty good at
it. This was a good one and I'm telling
you to change your life.
But if it's terrible, I'll tell you.
Don't read it. It's trash.
Sorry, but I'm just real. You don't want
to hear it if it's not.
We get a lot of books.
I got shelves of books now.
There's some things I saw tonight that
really disturbed me in my flesh,
but I know I give it to the Lord
concerning people's lives
and
he has it. I take the care out of my
prayer concerning those individuals and
I know the father has them.
Some of these people are in grave
danger.
Some people are in grave danger in
the natural,
but we know that the hand of the Lord
will protect them.
Some people need to do about face
and make some big decisions and make
some big changes.
Are you finished? Holy Spirit,
we sure love you.
We're so grateful. We're so grateful.
I believe we're done. Well, praise the
Lord. Are you excited about coming
tonight? Did you get anything out of it?
I pray you did. I pray you got refreshed
or excited you're here. I kept you over
two hours, but that's all right,
better than watching Netflix,
praying with me.
But
we'll be back again probably tomorrow. I
don't know. We'll see what the Holy
Spirit says. I'll be praying
over my day and everything and see what
the Lord wants to do. But other than
that, we love you. I'll have
Diana maybe come on tomorrow and she can
read some of the highlights of what
we've liked about the book and
it's kind of like things
we can do together. I don't know. Try to
make it fun so you all can have
something to look forward to about
books or book reports, you know. I don't
know what else to do. I like I
said, I don't feel like I'm
really a preacher, you know, to come on
and just preach to you all the time, but
to tell you things that are on my heart
about what the Lord is showing me.
But I just tell you things that
have blessed us. But we love you. Thank
you for joining us again tonight and
thank you for your support. You all been
so nice to us. Click and like,
subscribe, all the things you can do to
help us. Follow us on X, follow us on
Instagram, Facebook, all those
things. We're trying to grow those
platforms or other alternative media
sites for you to find us. And
Braden's working on a lot of shorts. So,
he's been working his tail end off, huh?
Thank you.
He's a good boy. I'm telling you,
he is working hard on these
shorts trying to get things done and
I don't know. I told him, I
said, We're out when we release those
shorts, just like going into the
darker side because
there's a lot of people. Boy, you talk
about trolls over there. But boy, on
what is it? Tik Tok. Tik Tok's from
hell. Tik Tok's from hell.
But the Lord uses it.
Whatever it takes to bring him in, huh?
So, we love y'all. Put a smile on your
face and a song in your heart. Jesus
loves you so much and we love you and
we'll see you again soon, probably
tomorrow. God bless you all. Bye-bye.